document nofile limit (#4232)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/apm/apm-server/binary.md

tar xzvf apm-server-{{version.stack}}-linux-x86_64.tar.gz
```

> Refer to [modifying the `nofile` ulimit](#modify-nofile-ulimit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to [modifying the `nofile` ulimit](#modify-nofile-ulimit).
```

```sh
docker run -d \
  -p 8200:8200 \
  --name=apm-server \
  --user=apm-server \
  --volume="$(pwd)/apm-server.docker.yml:/usr/share/apm-server/apm-server.yml:ro" \
  docker.elastic.co/apm/apm-server:9.0.0 \
  --strict.perms=false -e \
  --ulimit=524287:524287 \
  -E output.elasticsearch.hosts=["elasticsearch:9200"] <1> <2>
```

1. Substitute your {{es}} hosts and ports.
2. If you are using {{ech}}, replace the `-E output.elasticsearch.hosts` line with the Cloud ID and elastic password using the syntax shown earlier.

## Modify the `nofile` ulimit [modify-nofile-ulimit]

When run as a standalone binary APM Server inherits the `nofile` limit from the user running the process. On most system this is configured to `1024`. This limit is too low for higher throughput scenarios or when using Tail Based Sampling.

To chose the new limit, consider these guidelines:
- there is no system performance impact of using a limit of ``;
- a limit of `1024` would suffice for low throughput use cases;
- the major contributor to open files is the number of incoming connections;

> - Tail Based Sampling is file based, when enabling it the number of open files is higher in proportion to the throughput and sampling policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To choose an appropriate limit, take the following into consideration:

- A limit of 1024 is typically sufficient for low-throughput use cases.
- There is no performance downside to not setting a limit.
- The main contributor to open files is the number of incoming connections.
- Tail-based sampling is file-based, and increases the number of open files proportionally to throughput and sampling policies.
```
